> Sir, this is the ship data report you requested. We have done our best to collect everything - yes, that's all. Gelwin stayed up until today's fifth shift from yesterday to finish writing these things; He is currently in the infirmary, and I am planning to go check on his condition - if you have no objections, sir.
> Basic background
Shackles Garrison is a combat group of the Midline-style, once thought to be lost.
Unlike the Hegemony, Shackles Garrison doesn't care about the legitimacy of human dominion - since they weren't retrieved after being lost, their interest in ensuring human dominion is nonexistent;
They have no intentions for galactic hegemony and are quite happy to build good cooperative relationships with various forces, as cooperation often solves disputes.

But for the chaotic Perseus, not taking your side absolutely means absolutely not taking your side;
After a series of small and large local conflicts, an angry Shackles Garrison officially declared war on Tri-Tachyon technology and the Hegemony, but still maintained relatively normal diplomatic relations with the Persean League.
Ultimately due to fighting on two fronts, Shackles Garrison suffered huge losses and had to withdraw from the core star domain...

...and retreated to a small military star system controlled by them, waiting for an opportunity.

>
The Shackles Garrison Maneuver Theory - is the main combat style of the 27th Combat Group; unlike the predecessor of the Hegemony - the "Decisive Battle" doctrine of the 14th Combat Group, Shackles Garrison places more emphasis on the striking school, which makes most of their ships designed with missile launch modules and rapid mobility capabilities even in zero empowerment state.

Their ships have superior transition performance compared to other ships; meanwhile, their ships possess better missile systems, which automatically adjust to increase the sensitivity of the missiles, that is, to enhance the guidance capability of the missiles.

> History and Current Status
Shackles Garrison - once also known as the 27th Combat Group, the entire fleet lost hope in human dominion after the great collapse and subsequent loss of contact, then fell into a state of self-destruction.
A period of excessive indulgence completely broke the backbone of the entire combat group.
Eventually, a great person - but unfortunately, no records have preserved his/her name - led a strike team that quickly cleared the corrupt upper echelons of the fleet and quickly reestablished new control.
Subsequently, the entire combat group was unified and renamed themselves as Shackles Garrison. And embarked on an unknown journey, and ultimately, such a fleet that went straight ahead arrived at Perseus.
Sadly, this was only a short-term halt to the impact of degeneration - after all, degeneration is a poison, and it will eventually poison everyone;
Today, many institutions within the entire army group are still filled with waves of nihilism, everyone is vulgar for the enjoyment of the present world...
Of course, this caused them to be very tense with the Luddites.
The group seems to be surrounded by a huge sense of confusion, even after arriving in Perseus, this sense of nothingness is also impacting this turbulent organization, they have tried to cooperate with other forces, but the Hegemony's suspicion, the Persean League's lack of opinion, and even Tri-Tachyon's extreme capitalization society that doesn't exist in human rights all doomed cooperation can never be carried out for long.

They might have thought about it, or not; they might believe they will find a place to settle down, but perhaps not. But anyway, they still arrived.

-Welcome to Perseus-